I didn't come to you.
How dare you come out and hum
Today I will crush you, Master Jiuyou
So fucking ridiculous
My ninth brother has been passed down for thousands of years
It's hard for you to stop
What bit do you control?
Naturally the frog at the bottom of the well will not know
Why is the dragon?
Although I kill the enemy
Tread the Nine Demons
Boy, since you pushed the Dragon God up
I absolutely can't
As long as you hand over the dragon golden grass
I can leave your whole corpse delusional
Hahahaha
principal
I have touched the highest barrier
You are no match for me at all
But it's a pity
I've stepped over the highest barrier half a step what